README.md, before:

# DeveloperRoadmaps

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Setup basic Angular Material workspace and readme file

README.md, after:

# Developer Roadmaps
This website is a step by step guide to becoming a modern developer. It is based on the famous roadmaps from kamranahmedse and the GitHub Community. We wish you all the best for your learning and be sure to write us if your find anything that we could improve!

## Learnings
* Improving knowledge of HTML/CSS, TypeScript, Angular, and Angular Material
* Becoming a better overall developer
* Version control with git

## Important
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.5.
Development server: Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
Build: Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.
Running unit tests: Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).
Running end-to-end tests: Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
